

##Week 7

I started week seven with sleepy mood because I was working with my blog too much that Sunday before last week. I enjoyed coding it too much that I forgot that it was already 2am or shall I say 3am. Well, I guess sleep is more important and I needed to catch up sleep since I will be needing to be wide awake to absorb a lot of new knowledges that I was really anticipating. Last week, I was looking forward to learn a lot of Angular, finally I am bound to understand how to automate data in webpages, something that puzzles me for years, seriously its been years.

The assignments last week further enhanced my skills in doing JS/Jquery, Angular, HTML, Sass and with other frameworks and library. As weeks goes by, I feel I am improving more in approaching projects and starting to be more confident in handling the tasks. The main highlight of our assignment last week is rebuilding ETSY pages and to worked in groups of three, with each group choosing which feature that they will be doing. It was a great experience to collaborate with the entire class and learn team work at the same time. The class project reminds me of my previous job wherein I collaborate and/or lead design engineering projects. There was a part of me who wants to be more proactive in ensuring that all teams are in the same page but I also don't want to step on other's tasks. I just then realized that the assignment is for everyone to learn to work in teams, working in one repository and resolving things that we messed up.

One part of the assignment is to integrate JSON files to our webpages using Angular. I guess our instructor intentionally thought us limited things about Angular for us to wrestle more with the framework with dealing with the . Because of this, I learned more about the framework the hard way, yet it felt fulfilling as I was able to make things work the with an outcome I was looking for. Through this experience, I also enhance my resourcefulness and skills in guessing. I may be competitive, but hey, there will always be one or two in a group.
